Fix field testing issues #2 (#236)
RedisLabs/terraform-provider-rediscloud: docs/resources/rediscloud_subscription.md

The `creation_plan` block supports:

> * `memory_limit_in_gb` - (Required) Maximum memory usage that will be used your databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `memory_limit_in_gb` - (Required) Maximum memory usage that will be used for your largest planned database.
```

Reviewer: Would this be a better approach? As the current wording could be interpreted to mean "the maximum memory usage of the initial databases _combined_". Could do with some discussion.

* `support_oss_cluster_api` - (Optional) Support Redis open-source (OSS) Cluster API. Default: ‘false’
* `modules` - (Optional) a list of modules that will be used by the databases in this subscription. 
Example: `modules = ["RedisJSON", RedisBloom"]`.
* `replication` - (Required) Databases replication. Set to `true` if any of your databases will use replication.
* `quantity` - (Required) The planned number of databases in the subscription.
* `throughput_measurement_by` - (Required) Throughput measurement method that will be used by your databases, (either ‘number-of-shards’ or ‘operations-per-second’)
* `throughput_measurement_value` - (Required) Throughput value that will be used by your databases (as applies to selected measurement method)
* `average_item_size_in_bytes` - (Optional) Relevant only to ram-and-flash clusters. Estimated average size (measured in bytes)

> of the items stored in your databases. Default: 0

Reviewer: Again is this value for all of the databases combined, for the average database in the subscription, or for the largest database in the subscription?
